All right.
In the last section, we have handled the error section.
In this section, we're going to add the loading effect.
So next year, 13 actually provides you with the loading capability as well.
It's similar to error.
You need to just add a file inside the app directory to handle the loading effect.
So when you come back to Visual Studio Code.
If you use contour shift E to open the Explorer section just here, we need to add a file with this
name.
Just loading lowercase that J is X and here.
We can create the loading file.
Which is similar to the error file.
We need to create a React functional component and also let's create it first.
We use RFC to create a React functional component.
The name would be loading.
And the.
Now we just say loading.
Dot, dot, dot.
Now.
In our website.
When we, for example, go to the about page.
And we go to trending.
We see a loading at a top very in a very short time.
Or here you see the loading.
So next year, 13 actually automatically understand that there is a wait and see system inside your
You are waiting for the result from a page for example the about page or the trending page trending
one and this is going to show this file instead of that section.
Uh, until the result comes.
So this is a great feature of the next year, 13.
So I don't want to just write downloading.
I want to use a loading spinner.
So there is a website.
It's called loading.
I o.
If you search loading.
I.
O.
There is a website called loading dot io and you can just download free spinners.
SVG Spinner SVG file is very is in a very low size so it doesn't consume a lot of internet.
So it's going to quickly load for us.
And these two rows are free and if you want to get a more advanced one, you need to pay.
So here we just click on.
For example, I want to use only this one.
You can choose the color.
I want to choose some amber color like this one.
And the.
I want to just choose the radius to be five.
And a stroke with to be.
One.
And let's choose the transparent background.
And now you can just click here on the SVG and download it as an animated.
So when you click, it's going to download you.
You need to click on free download and download.
This is going to gives you the file and this file is going to go inside the public folder next to the
Fabricant ICO and we can just change the name of this file to a spinner.
Dot SVG.
Let's close this one.
And now, instead of just loading here, I'm going to.
Use that file.
So I'm just going to delete this loading and add an image tag.
And the source for this one would be a spinner.
Dot SVG because this is inside the public folder.
You don't need to add any address, just the address.
It should be just a spinner that is SVG for the alternative tag.
Alternative text.
We just say loading.
If this image is not loaded, you see loading inside the page.
And let's bring this one to the center by just changing the display to flex.
And we just use just the file content center to bring it to the center.
And let's change the size of the spinner to be 96.
So let's test this one in our website now.
So now if we go to the.
About page.
So wait, we should save this one and wait a little bit until this one compiled.
So now if you go to trading, we see a spanner here.
We go to the about we see the spanner in the middle.
We can also use this spanner in somewhere else.
For example, in the final version, I use it for the image as well.
So if you refresh the page.
We should see that some, for example, we search for something.
For example, I just searched for Wolf.
When.
You search.
I think now it's not working.
So I'm going to show you later how to do it.
We're going to use the spinner for the images as well when the image is not loaded.
We're going to see the spinner.
So that was it for the adding the loading effect in our website, which is which was very easy.
In comparison with the reactor reactor, you have to create a user effect and use the user state, create
a piece of state called loading and add it.
That's a lot of work.
But in the next years, 13, all these things is going to be handled simply by just creating a file
called Loading that Gsx.
So let's add this one to GitHub by clicking on this plus sign and we just say add loading effects or
the message I'm going to commit and push this one to GitHub and let's go to GitHub and we go back to
the commit section and we refresh the page.
Now we have a new commit called add loading effect.
Which has this file, this spinner, that SVG in the public folder and we have created a loading the
jar file inside the app directory, which is a server side component with just an image tag with the
source of a spinner dot SVG and with the alternative text of loading here.
So that was it for the loading section in this next section where you're going to create these cards.
And make these beautiful cards.
So instead of just seeing these titles, we are going to create the cards and see all the information,
including the image.
The description, the title.
And we get these information like the release date and the number of votes.
So see you on the next section for creating the cart components.